south india has been my home for 50
years I'd always felt safe here at least
from wild animals I'll never forget when
that changed the day we suspected
something went wrong is when our dog
disappeared we actually made a complaint
to the police saying that our dogs been
stolen and putting the reward for his
recovery
a few days after cuddly disappeared our
neighbors were looking up on the hill
and saw an animal up there which they
actually felt was cuddly and called him
but whatever it was it turned around and
slunk off into the forest soon after
that I hired a couple of trackers the
first thing they actually found was the
dog's hair on the top of the fence
I said well obviously he's jumped over
it gone to the road got in stolen I mean
it all sort of added up
you